step by step
that if I messi that in a year and not very high in the Chaco
because the houses more
very bad
good but you must have a lawyer not
I wanted to assume
just what you need to save is to reserve a part of our income
to be able to use it in the future
even I do not think your opponents
if not saving is something positive and very simple
if we save a little of what we earn for the future we can improve
our quality of life
think you would have settled in one year
well, it turns out that like everything in my course of finance for all
We are no longer bankrupt and now Jorge Nuno Reis
and what are you going to do with it?
I'm going to buy insurance for my family
denied today on vacation to Laredo where I want to buy me angels
machinery jahic tecpa their quesadillas and for me
a computer
in one of those was putting a cybercafé or whatever they call it as the law
very well do not revilla not get caught and all thanks to savings
and you will be hard to save
my dream
although saving is a positive reality and easy to achieve
if you say so
if we regularly keep a little bit of what we earn for the future we can
plan and important winds
the operation that we need the studies of our children our
actions losses and even the biggest dreams
or to you who would like
what I would like
i adn
right away the merit that is going to be without work in a year
Well, you have time to save for that moment
saving is saving a little bit of what we have for the future
and the good thing is that here in finance for all we are going to learn how
people